	For my second enhancement covering Algorithms and Data Structures, I have chosen to work on a project that was created in the Software Development Lifecycle course. This artifact was a resort destination slideshow created in Java. The project itself was a runnable java file that when executed, would display five separate slides with captioned titles and description of what each image was. Cycling through the varied images and slides with either an interactable “Next” or “Previous” button. I felt as though showcasing this project alongside others would show a well-rounded understanding of different coding languages and Object-Oriented Programming.

	I chose this project for Algorithms and Data Structures for its already existing elements and algorithms that had come naturally with the original course project code. Code that involved logic adding displayed text, images, and buttons for navigational purposes. Within this project, my enhancement detailed adding additional buttons, a “Random” button that would select one of the five listed slides to jump to at random. The other inclusion was a “Theme” button that changes the background of the container holding each slide’s captioned text through multi-theme cycling, as well as the row of navigational buttons. These additions were brought to a container which was created to keep both the captions and buttons within the southern area of the slideshow through keeping the slide index and user interface synced through a showByIndex() method.
	
	The enhancements that were created for this project illustrate the course outcomes of designing and evaluating computing solutions to solve a given problem through algorithmic principles (3). Also designing, developing, and delivering professional-quality communication that is both coherent and technically sound (2). And demonstrates the ability to utilize well-founded techniques and skills in computing practices through a uniform random selection for non-linear navigation (4).
	
	Through my work on the enhancements for this project, I had run into several difficulties when it came to the Java code. Issues that required research to help further my understanding of the programming language to fix syntax errors and functions in order to operate correctly. In my Eclipse workstation, which was the tool that was used for this project, I received a warning of a serializable class not being declared and had to perform research as to what this entailed to clear up any would-be possible errors. What I learned in my findings was that it was a check to ensure the class definition matched the serialized bytes. The fix for this was following after the recommended fixes to add in a private static final long serialVersionUID = 1L; to the class, which had cleared up the warning in its entirety. Overall, the experience had taught me more in coding within the Java language, whereas I had little experience in comparison to other languages such as Python.

