The original artifact for this project was built for a CS-340 Client and Server Development course. The artifact itself centers around a database access layer, that being the animal_shelter.py where it performs the CRUD methods onto the dataset, before launching a dashboard through Jupyter Notebook to bring the collected data onto an interactable table, graph, and map. The original project was performed and created in February of 2025.

The reason I selected this project was that it showcased database engineering that extends well beyond the standard methods of reading and writing. For the enhancement to this artifact, I’ve included bulk operations such as bulk_insert, update, and delete as well as an aggregation method of counts_by_field. I’ve as well removed hard-coded secrets and brought in environmental variables to ensure that the code is safe for sharing. The original setup had the code all pointing to a classroom apporto environment, which was changed to point to a local MongoDB instance which was then used to verify that the dataset loaded correctly.
	
The work performed within this artifact meets the outcomes I had initially set out to accomplish by strengthening the database and showcase sound software engineering through expanding upon the already existing CRUD methods within the artifacts original python file. I have also improved security through implementing environmental variables to ensure that hard-coded secrets are secure and hidden. 

Through the work on enhancing this specific artifact, I had performed far more than what I had originally anticipated. The original project itself was centered around a classroom environment, which meant beyond the intended enhancements for the python file to add onto the CRUD methods for the database, I had to refactor the code not just within it, but the Jupyter Notebook as well to ensure that all functions worked as intended. Along with the code, I had to ensure that all proper packages were as well installed into the project folder which included researching what packages were necessary for the project to run without incident.

Reflecting on my work done with enhancing this artifact, the rebuilding and connecting end-to-end on top of the intended work to expand on CRUD was a learning experience. I had learned how to build aggregation pipelines that bring on realistic and meaningful summaries, and how to keep configuration code safe and secure through environmental variables. As well sorting out through version update and package issues with Jupyter Notebook’s dashboard.

